I’m guessing the very first line led you here. I don’t really hate the concept of the website- I think they’ve done a fantastic job in catalysing professional connection. The real issue arises from the posts and the people, which have debased the platform in the last couple of years. Oh, especially after ChatGPT. Are you really using an emoji that’s so uncommon only AI could have scripted it in there? 10 lessons from an hour-long session on networking? Okay. 

I would like to be optimistic about my future, although, as a 20 year old, I have not done enough for my peers to seek validation that comes through an over-exaggerated congratulations comment on their underwhelming internship. You’re really going to learn how to crack MBB from Ben’s verbose and jargon-heavy LinkedIn page? Good luck bud. There are, obviously, gems of wisdom and true intellect that show up- but are rare and often mishandled by the algorithm. 

George Akerlof, a Nobel-prize winning economist known for one of the most famous papers in economics- “*The Market For Lemons”,* came to the conclusion that markets wherein sellers had more information than their counterparts led to inefficient i.e; underperforming markets. This phenomenon was most pronounced in the second-hand cars market- but transcended to almost all markets with an unfair scale. A problem of such an ilk, I thought, would’ve been solved by LinkedIn. Sellers(of themselves unfortunately) could quite literally sell themselves better by displaying little known aspects of their personality. The problem with the second hand cars market was that the good cars rarely get sold. Before LinkedIn, not every good employee got sold. With LinkedIn, even the *lemon(Akerlof’s moniker for a bad second hand car)* workers will get sold. I have no interest in learning how Ankur Warikoo made a million dollars through drop shipping and scamming customers that he can help you save time after a decade of mediocrity and fancy PPTs at a big consulting firm- all through my stoner floor-mate’s post on LinkedIn.

It is ironical that I have to acknowledge the magnitude of LinkedIn’s importance as I set out to make a half-website for its replacement; I do hope, this website would serve me other purposes. While I write this, my roommate asked me why do I hate LinkedIn? And I invited him here, to which the response was- “give me 3 crisp reasons”. I blame LinkedIn for getting him accustomed to vapid sound bites encapsulating more complicated issues(not saying that my disgust is worthy of complicated and deep thought)